alx-tools_installation/README.md, before:

# Alx - Tools installation 

The file install-tools.sh in this directory contains a script that will install the following tools and programs.

1. betty linter&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;7. makefile
2. pycodestyle &nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; 8. semi-standard
3. C and C# compilers&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;9. Node 14
4. MySQL 8.0 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;10. puppet-lint
5. installing and activating env&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;11. SQLAlchemy module version
6. mysqlclient &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;12. mysqldb

**Usage:**

You will need to clone this repo on your locall terminall using the cammand:
```
git clone https://github.com/the-1Riddle/packageInstallationHub.git
```

then move to the `alx-tools_installation` directory:
```
cd packageInstallationHub/alx-tools_installation
```

Then you can run the file as follows:
```
./install-tools.sh
```

**Good Luck.**

Commit message:

more updates - readme and flasgger added

alx-tools_installation/README.md, after:

# Alx - Tools installation 

The file install-tools.sh in this directory contains a script that will install the following tools and programs.

|                  |                  	|						|
|------------------------------ |--------------------------- |------------------|
| Betty linter                 	| makefile					 | Flasgger			|
| pycodestyle                  	| semi-standard              | Flask			|
| C and C# compilers           	| Request module             | Node 14			|
| Fabric for Python             | puppet-lint                | MySQL 8			|
| installing and activating env	| SQLAlchemy module version  ||
| mysqlclient                  	| MySqldb                    ||

**Usage:**

You will need to clone this repo on your locall terminall using the cammand:
```
git clone https://github.com/the-1Riddle/packageInstallationHub.git
```

then move to the `alx-tools_installation` directory:
```
cd packageInstallationHub/alx-tools_installation
```

Then you can run the file as follows:
```
./install-tools.sh
```
> [!NOTE]<br>
> Though, Request module will be installed, it has been deprecated since February 2020 - the team is considering alternative to replace this module - however, it’s a really simple and powerful module for practicing web-scraping in JavaScript (and still used a lot in the industry).

**Good Luck.**
